Mosaic:

HTML:DOM;
Not used Much:
CSS:SOM;

Reason why slow:
network,
Contents lot; and 
ANd Dom manipulating a lot;

Web Browser: 
INspector Lement: Inspector to delete ui elemnts;

Console:
Write JS program;

There are inconsistency in diff browsers;

Rendering Engine;
JS Engine; are diff for browsers; v8;
v8 is node; node.js is takin outside;

window: gives guvi; in browser;

Imperative: Programming with an explicit sequence of commands that update state.
Declarative: Programming by specifying the result you want, not how to get it.
Structured: Programming with clean, goto-free, nested control structures.
Procedural: Imperative programming with procedure calls.
Functional (Applicative): Programming with function calls that avoid any global state.
Function-Level (Combinator): Programming with no variables at all.
Object-Oriented: Programming by defining objects that send messages to each other. Objects have their own internal (encapsulated) state and public interfaces. Object orientation can be:
Class-based: Objects get state and behavior based on membership in a class.
Prototype-based: Objects get behavior from a prototype object.


Is func + procedural and Object Oriented;

tcp/ip, udp: are courier boys; 
tcp: is connection oriented takes sign;//is costly;
udp: is throws w/o sign;	//udp is fast;

http/http(s): Can build swiggy, amazon;

udp used in vid streaming, VoIP; can be in message;
tcp used in online games, whatsapp mssgs-blue tick, and banking;

IP becomes either TCP or User DataGram wrapping;

MAC is attached to the hardware;
IP is attached to the network where yu use the phone;

Primary benefit of IP is routing and 
Secondary: Hardware independent;

To Catch It happens using IMEI number by using the phone number as well to trace buoth IMEI and Phone number matching;

with ip address in internet;

Port connects across the countries, 
And rest is within the country inside the country itself;

USB port and parallel ports are security;

Keyboard is inside so part of itself;

Port numbers are reserved: and are 2^16 bits numbers;
for diff ports;
80 reserved for HTTP;
443 for HTTPS;

Servers talk:
which protocol to talk to:
https(443),ip-address(Home Number), room: port Number, 
who you are?: header Info given then opens the door;

IP address is home address:
IP address: 80 helps to concat all addresses;

header info is common info;

NOw most going to HTTP 2.0 from 1.1;

HTTP Methods: 
GET and Put used mostly difference;
1.1 vs 2.0 HTTP;

adds index.html and asks DNS Server
If not found sorry;

DNS sees cache if seen IP address of this name?
Cache, Browser, OS, Router, ISP then DNS;

Browser default method is get.

Can use hosts file location;

So they can stop the hosts address blocking them by going in the hosts folder of PC;
The browser looks at the Hosts file to look for IP address first and then goes to DNS SErver if not found in Hosts folder;

Return Code of HTTP: 

404 is you screwed up;
Not found the res or url asked is not found;

501,2,3 is when website screws up;

300 series is files moved smwhere;

200 here you go success;

postman: is software: and curl;
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eYQyqf-DtCQ
Look at it;
Shows the workig in raw form;

postman get:


Get vs Post:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UObINRj2EGY

Rohit Postman:
https://www.toolsqa.com/postman/post-request-in-postman/

Ask Arun V for DSA Videos:
He does hav videos from previous batches;
Then start solving CodeKata Questions and then Questions of Arun's
Repository;

Math array and Strings Questions to be solved;
upfront;


Ask Arun about the Mentor Details As well;




